.TH "BaseStar" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
BaseStar \- The base class for handling stars. Used by all matching routines. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <basestar.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBPoint\fR, and RefCount.
.PP
Inherited by Detection, \fBJimStar\fR, NStarMatch, PhotStar, RollingStar, \fBSEStar\fR, and StandardStar.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBaseStar\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBaseStar\fR (double xx, double yy, double ff)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBaseStar\fR (const \fBPoint\fR &a_point, double a_flux)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBX\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIaccess stuff.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBY\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fI.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBread_it\fR (istream &rd, const char *format)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwrite\fR (ostream &s=cout) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwriten\fR (ostream &s=cout) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdump\fR (ostream &stream=cout) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdumpn\fR (ostream &stream=cout) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "BaseStar& \fBoperator=\fR (const \fBPoint\fR &P)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~BaseStar\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual string \fBWriteHeader_\fR (ostream &stream=cout, const char *i=NULL) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBWriteHeader\fR (ostream &stream=cout) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBflux\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "BaseStar* \fBread\fR (istream &rd, const char *format)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const char* \fBTypeName\fR ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ostream& \fBoperator<<\fR (ostream &stream, const BaseStar &s)"
.br
.RI "\fIallows cout << aBaseStar;.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
The base class for handling stars. Used by all matching routines.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.