.TH "DbImageList" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DbImageList \- DbImages can be globally located and stored into image lists. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <dbimage.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits list.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDbImageList\fR (const char *PathName)"
.br
.RI "\fIlocates all \fBDbImage\fR's in a given symbolic path name (see db configuration file section).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDbImageList\fR (const string &PathName)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDbImageList\fR (const list< string > names)"
.br
.RI "\fItries to interpret ecah argument either as a \fBDbImage\fR name or as a symbolic path.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDbImageList\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBFilterByDate\fR (const int a_date)"
.br
.RI "\fIdiscards from a DbImageList all images not matching a date.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBCollect\fR (const char *PathName)"
.br
.RI "\fIDOCF collects and appends DbImages inside PathName.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (ostream &stream=cout) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ostream& \fBoperator<<\fR (ostream &stream, const DbImageList &L)"
.br
.RI "\fIexample of usage : cout << DbImageList("*"); . It works as the first statement of your program !\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
DbImages can be globally located and stored into image lists.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS DbImageList::DbImageList (const char * PathName)
.PP
locates all \fBDbImage\fR's in a given symbolic path name (see db configuration file section).
.PP
This routine handles wildcards : * will match any path name, 'new*' will match any path name beginning with 'new'. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.