.TH "DImage" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DImage \- a double precision image type. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <dimage.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBKernel\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDImage\fR (const int Nx, const int Ny)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDImage\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAllocate\fR (const int Nx, const int Ny, int Init=1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~DImage\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DPixel& \fBoperator()\fR (const int i, const int j) const"
.br
.RI "\fIvalue on (i,j).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "DPixel* \fBbegin\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIacces to pointer on first pixel of array.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNx\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNy\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBZero\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIset all pixels to zero.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "DPixel \fBMinValue\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the minimum pixel value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "DPixel \fBMaxValue\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the maximum pixel value.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMinMaxValue\fR (DPixel &Min, DPixel &Max) const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns both min and max in a single image traversal.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDImage\fR (const DImage &Other)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DPixel \fBsum\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIsum of all pixels.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBNormalize\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fInormalize the full DImage.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator=\fR (const DImage &)"
.br
.RI "\fIhandy operators.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator=\fR (const \fBImage\fR &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator+=\fR (const DImage &Right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator-=\fR (const DImage &Right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator *=\fR (const double &Right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator *=\fR (const DImage &Right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator/=\fR (const double &Right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator/=\fR (const DImage &Right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator+=\fR (const double &Right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator-=\fR (const double &Right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "DImage& \fBoperator=\fR (const double &Right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreadFits\fR (const string &FitsName)"
.br
.RI "\fIwrite and read the DImage as a FITS array.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwriteFits\fR (const string &FitsName) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDImage\fR (const string &FitsName)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor calls read routine.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "DPixel* \fBdata00\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBminindex\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmaxindex\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
a double precision image type.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.