.TH "FitsImage" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
FitsImage \- This class enables basic manipulation of images stored in fits files. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <fitsimage.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBFitsHeader\fR, and \fBImage\fR.
.PP
Inherited by \fBFitsImageArray\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitsImage\fR (const string &FileName, const FitsFileMode Mode=RO)"
.br
.RI "\fIopens in (ReadOnly mode by default, use RW to modifiy or create) and loads the pixel data.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitsImage\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor to be used starting from an existing \fBFitsHeader\fR.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitsImage\fR (const string &NewFileName, const \fBFitsHeader\fR &a_fits_header, const \fBImage\fR &an_image)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor for a new FitsImage.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitsImage\fR (const string &NewFileName, const \fBFitsHeader\fR &AHeader)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor of a new FitsImage using an existing header, a new name, and a zeroed \fBImage\fR. RW mode.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitsImage\fR (const string &FileName, const \fBImage\fR &an_image)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor for a new FitsImage with a minimal header from an existing image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitsImage\fR (const string &FileName, const int Nx, const int Ny)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor for a new FitsImage with a minimal header from scratch.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBTrim\fR (const \fBFrame\fR &Region)"
.br
.RI "\fIExtract and replaces the trimed \fBImage\fR into a FitsImage.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBPreserveZeros\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis routine is to be called if one wants to preserve the value of 0 on I/O. Assumes contents >=0, as it is Used for weight maps.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~FitsImage\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSetWriteAsFloat\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWrite\fR (bool force_bscale=false)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWrite\fR (const double &Bscale, const double &Bzero)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This class enables basic manipulation of images stored in fits files.
.PP
For The image itself, see the \fBImage\fR class. The files opened in mode RW are actually written to disk by the destructor. \fBFitsHeader::EnableWrite\fR() allows to alter this default behavior. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS FitsImage::FitsImage (const string & NewFileName, const \fBFitsHeader\fR & a_fits_header, const \fBImage\fR & an_image)
.PP
constructor for a new FitsImage.
.PP
To be used to assemble a FitsImage from a header and an image obtained separately. The associated mode is RW. The actual size of the saved image is the one of the image, not the one in the header. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.