.TH "fitstoad.cc" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fitstoad.cc \- TOAD keys and fits header "standardization". 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <iostream>\fR
.br
\fC#include <cmath>\fR
.br
\fC#include <algorithm>\fR
.br
\fC#include <map>\fR
.br
\fC#include "fileutils.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "fitsimage.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "gtransfo.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "astroutils.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "frame.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "alltelinst.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "alltelinst.cc"\fR
.br

.SS Compounds

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBToadsKeyRec\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBUnknown\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBVirtualInstrument\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Defines

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBM_PI\fR  3.14159265358979323846"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTRANSLATOR_DEC\fR(RoutineName)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIMPLE_TRANSLATOR\fR(RoutineName, KeyTag)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRETURN_A_VALUE\fR(RoutineName, Value)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Typedefs

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef map<string,char> \fBStringCharMap\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef VirtualInstrument* (* \fBAcceptorType\fR )(const \fBFitsHeader\fR &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Enumerations

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBAxisDir\fR { \fBUp\fR, \fBDown\fR, \fBRight\fR, \fBLeft\fR }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Functions

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBVirtualInstrumentDestructor\fR (VirtualInstrument *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBTelescopeName\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head)"
.br
.RI "\fIA name for the telescope.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBInstrumentName\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head)"
.br
.RI "\fIA Name for the Instrument.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBTelInstName\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head)"
.br
.RI "\fIA Name for the Tel/Instrument.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsOfKind\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head)"
.br
.RI "\fItest if Head is of kind "Inst" (where Inst is one of the virtual instruments).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR \fBOverscanRegion\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head, const int iAmp)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the overscan region associated with the given amplifier.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR \fBIlluRegion\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head, const int Iamp)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the illuminated region associated with the given amplifier.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR \fBTotalIlluRegion\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the total illuminated region of image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR \fBAmpRegion\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head, const int Iamp)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the illuminated region associated with the given amplifier once the image is trimed.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBAmpGain\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head, const int iAmp)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the gain corresponding to given amplifier.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBGuessLinWCS\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header, \fBTanPix2RaDec\fR &Guess)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe approximate WCS. maybe used indirectly (depending on TelInst) to match USNO.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR \fBSkyRegion\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe (approximate) sky patch the image contains. Used for USNO matching.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "VirtualInstrument* \fBSniffTelInst\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head)"
.br
.RI "\fIthe routine called by \fBFitsHeader\fR to identify which Tel/Inst the header belongs to.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFitsKey\fR \fBToadsKeyVal\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head, const string &KeyName, const bool Warn)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe FITS key translator for TOADkeys.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
TOAD keys and fits header "standardization".
.PP
.PP
.SH DEFINE DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS #define RETURN_A_VALUE(RoutineName, Value)
.PP
\fBValue:\fR
.PP
.nf
        TRANSLATOR_DEC(RoutineName) { return FitsKey(#RoutineName,Value);}
.fi
.SS #define SIMPLE_TRANSLATOR(RoutineName, KeyTag)
.PP
\fBValue:\fR
.PP
.nf
       TRANSLATOR_DEC(RoutineName) { return Head.KeyVal(KeyTag,Warn);}
.fi
.SS #define TRANSLATOR_DEC(RoutineName)
.PP
\fBValue:\fR
.PP
.nf
      FitsKey RoutineName( const FitsHeader &Head, const bool Warn) const
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.