.TH "Frame" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Frame \- rectangle with sides parallel to axes. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <frame.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR (const \fBImage\fR &image)"
.br
.RI "\fIactual image frame.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR (const double &\fBxMin\fR, const double &\fByMin\fR, const double &\fBxMax\fR, const double &\fByMax\fR)"
.br
.RI "\fIthis one is dangerous: you may swap the 2 middle arguments. Prefer next one.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR (const \fBPoint\fR &LowerLeft, const \fBPoint\fR &UpperRight)"
.br
.RI "\fItypical use: Frame(Point(xmin,ymin),Point(xmax,ymax)).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &header, WhichFrame which=ClippedSizeFrame)"
.br
.RI "\fI2 kinds of bounds in headers, the chip size and some that may be added by hand. See \fBWriteInHeader\fR().\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBNx\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fInumber of pixels in x direction.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBNy\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fInumber of pixels in y direction.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPoint\fR \fBCenter\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fImiddle of the frame.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "Frame \fBApplyTransfo\fR (const \fBGtransfo\fR &T) const"
.br
.RI "\fIassumes that Transfo is a shift or involves a 'simple rotation'.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "Frame \fBoperator *\fR (const Frame &Right) const"
.br
.RI "\fIintersection of Frame's.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "Frame& \fBoperator *=\fR (const Frame &Right)"
.br
.RI "\fIintersection of Frame's.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "Frame \fBoperator+\fR (const Frame &Right) const"
.br
.RI "\fIunion of Frames.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "Frame& \fBoperator+=\fR (const Frame &Right)"
.br
.RI "\fIunion of Frames.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBCutMargin\fR (const double MarginSize)"
.br
.RI "\fIshrinks the frame (if MarginSize>0), enlarges it (if MarginSize<0).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBCutMargin\fR (const double MarginX, const double MarginY)"
.br
.RI "\fIshrinks the frame (if MarginSize>0), enlarges it (if MarginSize<0).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fR (const Frame &Right) const"
.br
.RI "\fInecessary for comparisons (!= is defined from this one implicitely).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fR (const Frame &Right) const"
.br
.RI "\fIcomparison.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "Frame \fBRescale\fR (const double Factor) const"
.br
.RI "\fIrescale it. The center does not move.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBArea\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBInFrame\fR (const double &x, const double &y) const"
.br
.RI "\fIinside?\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBInFrame\fR (const \fBPoint\fR &pt) const"
.br
.RI "\fIsame as above.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBMinDistToEdges\fR (const \fBPoint\fR &P) const"
.br
.RI "\fIdistance to closest boundary.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBWriteInHeader\fR (\fBFitsHeader\fR &Head) const"
.br
.RI "\fIwrite a frame in the fits header.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (ostream &stream=cout) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBxMin\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIcoordinate of boundary.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBxMax\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIcoordinate of boundary.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fByMin\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIcoordinate of boundary.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fByMax\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIcoordinate of boundary.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ostream& \fBoperator<<\fR (ostream &stream, const Frame &Right)"
.br
.RI "\fIallows 
.PP
.nf
 cout << frame; 
.fi
.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
rectangle with sides parallel to axes.
.PP
when Frame's are used to define subparts of images, xMin and xMax refer to the first and last pixels in the subimage 
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.