.TH "gtransfo.h" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
gtransfo.h \- Geometrical transformations (of 2D points). 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <iostream>\fR
.br
\fC#include <iomanip>\fR
.br
\fC#include <fstream>\fR
.br
\fC#include <string>\fR
.br
\fC#include "point.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "rootstuff.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include <vector>\fR
.br
.SS Compounds

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBGtransfoCub::CubAssoc\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGtransfo\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIa virtual (interface) class for geometric transformations.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGtransfoCub\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIimplements the cubic transformations (20 real coefficients).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGtransfoIdentity\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIA do-nothing transformation. It anyway has dummy routines to mimick a GTransfo.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGtransfoLin\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIimplements the linear transformations (6 real coefficients).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGtransfoLinRot\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIjust here to provide a specialized constructor, and fit.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGtransfoLinScale\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIjust here to provide specialized constructors. \fBGtransfoLin\fR fit routine.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGtransfoLinShift\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIjust here to provide a specialized constructor, and fit.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBGtransfoQuad\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIimplements the quadratic transformations (12 real coefficients).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBNamedValue\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIvery simple stuff to associate names and values. Used to I/O transfos to fits headers.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBTanPix2RaDec\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIthe transformation that handles pix to sideral transfos (Gnomonic, possibly with polynomial distortions).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBTanRaDec2Pix\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThis one is the Tangent Plane (called gnomonic) projection (from celestial sphere to tangent plane).\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Functions

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ostream& \fBoperator<<\fR (ostream &stream, const \fBGtransfo\fR &T)"
.br
.RI "\fIallows 'stream << Transfo;' (by calling T.dump(stream)).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGtransfo\fR* \fBGtransfoCompose\fR (const \fBGtransfo\fR *Left, const \fBGtransfo\fR *Right)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a pointer to a composition. if Left->ReduceCompo(Right) return NULL, builds a GtransfoComposition and returns it. deletion of returned value to be done by caller.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsIdentity\fR (const \fBGtransfo\fR *a_transfo)"
.br
.RI "\fIShorthand test to tell if a transfo belongs to the \fBGtransfoIdentity\fR class.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGtransfoQuad\fR \fBoperator *\fR (const \fBGtransfoLin\fR &L, const \fBGtransfoQuad\fR &R)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGtransfoLin\fR* \fBGtransfoToLin\fR (const \fBGtransfo\fR *transfo)"
.br
.RI "\fIprobably obsolete. use LinearApproximation instead.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Geometrical transformations (of 2D points).
.PP
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.