.TH "GtransfoIdentity" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
GtransfoIdentity \- A do-nothing transformation. It anyway has dummy routines to mimick a GTransfo. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <gtransfo.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBGtransfo\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGtransfoIdentity\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBapply\fR (const double Xin, const double Yin, double &Xout, double &Yout) const"
.br
.RI "\fIXout = Xin; Yout = Yin !\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBfit\fR (const StarMatchList &List, const \fBGtransfo\fR *PriorTransfo=NULL, const \fBGtransfo\fR *PosteriorTransfo=NULL)"
.br
.RI "\fIfits a transfo to a list of star pairs (p1,p2).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGtransfo\fR* \fBReduceCompo\fR (const \fBGtransfo\fR *Right) const"
.br
.RI "\fIallow composition of transformations regardless of their actual types.see \fBGtransfoCompose\fR() for a user callable entry.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (ostream &stream=cout) const"
.br
.RI "\fIdumps the transfo coefficients to stream.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNpar\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the number of parameters (to compute chi2's).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGtransfo\fR* \fBClone\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns a copy (allocated by new) of the transformation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDerivative\fR (const \fBPoint\fR &Where, \fBGtransfoLin\fR &Derivative, const double Step=0.01) const"
.br
.RI "\fIComputes the local Derivative of a transfo. Step is used for numerical derivation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBGtransfoLin\fR \fBLinearApproximation\fR (const \fBPoint\fR &Where, const double Step=0.01) const"
.br
.RI "\fIlinear approximation.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
A do-nothing transformation. It anyway has dummy routines to mimick a GTransfo.
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS void GtransfoIdentity::Derivative (const \fBPoint\fR & Where, \fBGtransfoLin\fR & Derivative, const double Step = 0.01) const\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
Computes the local Derivative of a transfo. Step is used for numerical derivation.
.PP
the Derivative is represented by a \fBGtransfoLin\fR, in which (hopefully), the offset terms are zero. Derivative should  transform a vector of offsets into a vector of offsets. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGtransfo\fR.
.SS double GtransfoIdentity::fit (const StarMatchList & List, const \fBGtransfo\fR * PriorTransfo = NULL, const \fBGtransfo\fR * PosteriorTransfo = NULL)\fC [inline, virtual]\fR
.PP
fits a transfo to a list of star pairs (p1,p2).
.PP
After the fit this(PriorTransfo(p1)) yields approximately PosteriorTransfo(p2). The returned value is the chi2. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGtransfo\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.