.TH "ImageSum" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ImageSum \- A class that handles coadding. Shift and coadd is handled by. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <imagesum.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBReducedImage\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Types

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef vector<\fBComponent\fR>::iterator \fBComponentIterator\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef vector<\fBComponent\fR>::const_iterator \fBComponentCIterator\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImageSum\fR (const string &Name, ReducedImageList &Images, const \fBReducedImage\fR *PhotomReference=NULL, const WeightingMethod AWMethod=WUnSet, const StackingMethod ASMethod=SUnSet)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImageSum\fR (const string &Name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImageSum\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ReducedImageList \fBComponents\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeFits\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIproduce fits image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeCatalog\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIProduce the Saturated stars pixels mask, subtract the image background, detect with the SExtractor computed sigma. search the cosmics, and update catalog and weight for cosmics. No free coffee.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeDead\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIproduce dead image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeSatur\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIproduce satur image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeWeight\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBCreate\fR (const string &Where)"
.br
.RI "\fITo create the directories where the fits images, catalogues will be put: ex: ~/FakeDb/test: \fBDbImage\fR dbim("test"); dbim.Create("~/FakeDb/");.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReducedImage\fR* \fBClone\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (ostream &s=cout) const"
.br
.RI "\fIdumps basic info.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBClassDef\fR (ImageSum, 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ImageSum\fR ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
A class that handles coadding. Shift and coadd is handled by.
.PP
Shift is performed using the \fBTransformedImage\fR class. Addition is performed using ImageSum. Depending on the numner of images involved, we perform either an actual sum, or a "clipped mean". 
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.