.TH "imagematch.h" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
imagematch.h \- This file contains wrappers to call match guessing routines. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include "basestar.h"\fR
.br
.SS Functions

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMatchGuess\fR (const BaseStarList &List1, const BaseStarList &List2, const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head1, const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head2, \fBGtransfo\fR *&One2Two, \fBGtransfo\fR *&Two2One)"
.br
.RI "\fItries to guess the Linear geometric transformation to go from List1 to List2.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBRefineGuess\fR (const BaseStarList &List1, const BaseStarList &List2, \fBGtransfo\fR *&One2Two, \fBGtransfo\fR *&Two2One)"
.br
.RI "\fIFrom an initial first order guess, fit and refine it.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBImageListMatch\fR (const \fBDbImage\fR &DbImage1, const \fBDbImage\fR &DbImage2, \fBGtransfo\fR *&One2Two, \fBGtransfo\fR *&Two2One)"
.br
.RI "\fIcalls MatchGuess, refines the guess with RefineGuess.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This file contains wrappers to call match guessing routines.
.PP
.PP
.SH FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS bool MatchGuess (const BaseStarList & List1, const BaseStarList & List2, const \fBFitsHeader\fR & Head1, const \fBFitsHeader\fR & Head2, \fBGtransfo\fR *& One2Two, \fBGtransfo\fR *& Two2One)
.PP
tries to guess the Linear geometric transformation to go from List1 to List2.
.PP
It uses the image headers to check if there is any WCS info that may avoid the combinatorial search  (from listmatch.cc) for the guess. If images come from different telescope/instruments, and the combinatorial search  is to be run, a flip is allowed for. 
.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.