.TH "ImageBack" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ImageBack \- \fBImage\fR Back class to compute an image of the background. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <imageback.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImageBack\fR (\fBImage\fR const &SourceImage, int MeshStep, const \fBImage\fR *Weight=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImageBack\fR (\fBImage\fR const &SourceImage, int MeshStepX, int MeshStepY, const \fBImage\fR *Weight=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNx\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNy\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Pixel \fBValue\fR (const int i, const int j) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Pixel \fBRms\fR (const int i, const int j) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImage\fR* \fBBackgroundImage\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBImage\fR& \fBBackValue\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBImage\fR& \fBBackRms\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWrite\fR (string FileName)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImageBack\fR (char *FileName, const \fBImage\fR &Source)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
\fBImage\fR Back class to compute an image of the background.
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS ImageBack::ImageBack (\fBImage\fR const & SourceImage, int MeshStep, const \fBImage\fR * Weight = NULL)
.PP
The constructor for a square Mesh (MeshStepX=MeshStepY). 
.SS ImageBack::ImageBack (\fBImage\fR const & SourceImage, int MeshStepX, int MeshStepY, const \fBImage\fR * Weight = NULL)
.PP
The constructor for a rectangular Mesh (MeshStepX!=MeshStepY). 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS \fBImage\fR * ImageBack::BackgroundImage ()
.PP
returns the average background image in the coordinates of the original image. 
.SS Pixel ImageBack::Rms (const int i, const int j) const
.PP
same for Rms. 
.SS Pixel ImageBack::Value (const int i, const int j) const
.PP
returns the average background for pixel (i,j) in the coordinates of the original image. 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.