.TH "ImageSubtraction" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ImageSubtraction \- For subtracting images using the Alard kernel fit technique. A basic assumption: Ref and New are already geometrically aligned. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <imagesubtraction.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBReducedImage\fR, and \fBPsfMatch\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImageSubtraction\fR (const string &Name, const \fBReducedImage\fR &RefImage, const \fBReducedImage\fR &NewImage)"
.br
.RI "\fIthe constructor takes a copy of both \fBReducedImage\fR.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImageSubtraction\fR (const string &Name, const \fBReducedImage\fR &RefImage, const \fBReducedImage\fR &NewImage, const \fBPsfMatch\fR *AMatch)"
.br
.RI "\fIas above but uses kernel found by other means. used for fakes SN.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImageSubtraction\fR (const string &Name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeFits\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fICarry out the kernel fit, convolve, and outputs the subtraction image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeWeight\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeCatalog\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIcarry out the detection. Default is matched filter plus apreture photometry.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeDead\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIproduce dead image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeSatur\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fISatur frame is the OR of Ref and New satur frames.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMaskSatur\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIMask the saturation on the subtraction.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBRunDetection\fR (DetectionList &Detections, const BaseStarList *Positions=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBCandName\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIName of the candidates list.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBAllCandName\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBCandCutName\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBCandScanName\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBCandCutScanName\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBDetectionsName\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBMatchedCatName\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReducedImage\fR* \fBClone\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBAllCandidateCatalogName\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ImageSubtraction\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBClassDef\fR (ImageSubtraction, 1)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
For subtracting images using the Alard kernel fit technique. A basic assumption: Ref and New are already geometrically aligned.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.