.TH "JimStar" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
JimStar \- Jim Calibration Star. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <jimstar.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBBaseStar\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBJimStar\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBJimStar\fR (double xx, double yy, double ff)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBName\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBRa\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBDec\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBImag\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBRmag\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBGmag\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBZmag\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBCgal\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBRead\fR (istream &r, const char *Format)"
.br
.RI "\fIto read once the object is created.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBWriteHeader_\fR (ostream &pr=cout, const char *i=NULL) const"
.br
.RI "\fIto write the \fBStarList\fR header with the string appended to every ntuple variable (with no end).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdumpn\fR (ostream &s=cout) const"
.br
.RI "\fIfor dump with NO end-of-line.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdump\fR (ostream &s=cout) const"
.br
.RI "\fIfor dump.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwriten\fR (ostream &s=cout) const"
.br
.RI "\fIfor write with NO end-of-line.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwrite\fR (ostream &s=cout) const"
.br
.RI "\fIfor write.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Static Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "JimStar* \fBread\fR (istream &r, const char *Format)"
.br
.RI "\fIto read and create the object.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBname\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBra\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBdec\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBimag\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBrmag\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgmag\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBzmag\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBcgal\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Jim Calibration Star.
.PP
To match an image with the catalogue of Jim  format: ra dec i r g z cgal (cgal=0 ==> etoile) 
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.