.TH "LightCurveBuilder" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
LightCurveBuilder \- Lightcurve builder for one band. Execute different types of photometry. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <lightcurvebuilder.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits vector.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLightCurveBuilder\fR (const ReducedImageList &Images)"
.br
.RI "\fImain constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLightCurveBuilder\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLightCurveBuilder\fR (const LightCurveBuilder &Other)"
.br
.RI "\fIcopy constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "LightCurveBuilder& \fBoperator=\fR (const LightCurveBuilder &Right)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~LightCurveBuilder\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBCalibrate\fR (const double &Nfwhm) const"
.br
.RI "\fIshould calibrate properly the lightcurve, but does not.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBInit\fR (const vector< \fBPoint\fR > &SNe)"
.br
.RI "\fIinit the lightcurve.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBInit\fR (const vector< \fBPoint\fR > &SNe, const string &catalogue)"
.br
.RI "\fIinit the lightcurve with a catalogue of standard stars.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBInitFiducials\fR (const BaseStarList &FidList)"
.br
.RI "\fIinit all common objects.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBStarListPhotometry\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIperforms a quick photometry from the starlists.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSubAperPhotometry\fR (const double &Nfwhm)"
.br
.RI "\fIperforms aperture photometry on the subtractions.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBBuildKernelsAndSubs\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIbuild the kernels among the reference and the other images.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSimFitPhotometry\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIperforms simultaneous photometry for each lightcurve star.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwrite\fR (const string &MiddleName) const"
.br
.RI "\fIwrite something.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNight\fR* \fBReference\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIa pointer to the reference night.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "NightList \fBNights\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIthe list of images where each lightcurve point is refered.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBBandName\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIa band name associated with this list.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBnsn\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIthe number of supernovae.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Lightcurve builder for one band. Execute different types of photometry.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.