.TH "LightCurve" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
LightCurve \- The same FiducialStar monitored many nights. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <lightcurve.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits ImageList.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLightCurve\fR (const NightList &AllNights, const PhotStar &OneStar)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLightCurve\fR (istream &Stream)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLightCurve\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAveragePosition\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fItake the weighted mean of all positions.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRelativeFluxes\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIcompute the relative fluxes according to the night photometric ratios.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAbsoluteFluxes\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIcompute the absolute calibrated fluxes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (ostream &Stream=cout) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwrite_header\fR (ostream &Stream) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwrite\fR (ostream &Stream) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwrite\fR (const string &FileName) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBread\fR (istream &Stream)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "PhotStar \fBrefstar\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsStandard\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns true if the FiducialStar is a standard star.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBFidName\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIname of the star, useful for bookeeping.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBByIncreasingFlux\fR (const FiducialStar *one, const FiducialStar *two)"
.br
.RI "\fIsorts by increasing fluxes.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBByIncreasingSignalToNoise\fR (const FiducialStar *one, const FiducialStar *two)"
.br
.RI "\fIsorts by increasing signal to noise.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
The same FiducialStar monitored many nights.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.