.TH "LightCurveGuru" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
LightCurveGuru \- Main lightcurve builder for all bands. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <lightcurveguru.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLightCurveGuru\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~LightCurveGuru\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBread\fR (const string &FileName)"
.br
.RI "\fIread initial lightcurve file.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMakeNights\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIcheck, align and stack images night by night, instrument by instrument, band by band.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSelectFidRef\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIselect a fiducial reference lightcurve list.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMatchFiducials\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fImatch fiducials objects among bands. A procedure that really needs some more thoughts.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBMonopolizeCPU\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIthe main builder.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBUseStdCatalogue\fR (const string &cata)"
.br
.RI "\fIUse a catalogue of standard stars for photometric calibration.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSelectGoodFiducials\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fISelect a subsample of fiducials close to supernovae.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "vector<\fBPoint\fR> \fBSupernovae\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLightCurveBuilder\fR* \fBfidRef\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "LightCurveParams \fBlcParams\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "vector<\fBLightCurveBuilder\fR> \fBBandBuilders\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Main lightcurve builder for all bands.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.