.TH "Night" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Night \- version of the \fBReducedImage\fR, quicker, but with more memory. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <night.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBReducedImage\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialization of a night from its \fBReducedImage\fR.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNight\fR (const string &Name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNight\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Night\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsOK\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns true if the night verifies a bunch of criteria.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReducedImage\fR* \fBClone\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIcopy constructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<\fR (const Night &Right) const"
.br
.RI "\fIallows myNight1 < myNight2 to sort in time.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (ostream &Stream) const"
.br
.RI "\fIdumps basic info.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump_header\fR (ostream &Stream) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBsaturation\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIThe saturation level.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBphotomRatio\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIA photometric ratio with a given reference image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBkernelChi2\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIA Chi2/Dof deriving from a kernel fitting procedure.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBjulianDate\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIthe julian date associated with the night.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBexposure\fR"
.br
.RI "\fItotal exposure time for this night.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBzeroPoint\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIthe zero point of the night.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBseeing\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIseeing (in pixel units) of the night.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBsigmaX\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIsigma (in pixel units) of the night PSF in x-direction.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBsigmaY\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIsigma (in pixel units) of the night PSF in y-direction.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBthetaXY\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIcorrelation angle of the night PSF.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBskyLevel\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIoriginal sky background level of the night.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBbackLevel\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIcurrent background level of the image associated with the night.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBsigmaSky\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIsky RMS of the night sky background.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgain\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIgain of the image (in e-/ADU).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBflatError\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIan estimate of the error in flatfielding (in % of pixel intensity).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBreadoutNoise\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIthe readout noise in e-.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBprofileError\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIthe systematic error of the chosen PSF profile.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsZeroRef\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns true if the night contribute as a zero point baseline for the lightcurve.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsPhotometric\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns true if the night is photometric.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBoperator<<\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
version of the \fBReducedImage\fR, quicker, but with more memory.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.