.TH "PsfMatch" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
PsfMatch \- A class that wraps calls to \fBKernelFit\fR. Used both to carry out subtractions (\fBImageSubtraction\fR) and just kernel fitting (for the light curve). 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <psfmatch.h>\fR
.PP
Inherited by \fBImageSubtraction\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBNotFilteredStarListName\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPsfMatch\fR (const \fBReducedImage\fR &Ref, const \fBReducedImage\fR &New, const PsfMatch *APreviousMatch=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~PsfMatch\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPsfMatch\fR (const PsfMatch &Original)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPsfMatch\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBFitKernel\fR (const bool KeepImages=false)"
.br
.RI "\fICarry out kernel fit. argument to enable to keep the images.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBFilterStarList\fR (const double MaxDist=1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBPhotomRatio\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBChi2\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBSigmaBack\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFrame\fR \fBIntersection\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBKernelToWorst\fR (\fBKernel\fR &Result, const double &x, const double &y) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBBackKernel\fR (\fBKernel\fR &Diffback, const double &xc, const double &yc)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBVarianceConvolve\fR (\fBImage\fR &Variance)"
.br
.RI "\fIbuilds the subtraction image new-ref (in photometric units of the ref). Puts it as the fits image of RImage. Sets seeing & co. Does not keep by default the result of the convolution.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBConvolveBest\fR (\fBReducedImage\fR &ConvImage)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSubtraction\fR (\fBReducedImage\fR &RImage, bool KeepConvolvedBest=false)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBRefIsBest\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReducedImage\fR* \fBRef\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReducedImage\fR* \fBNew\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReducedImage\fR* \fBBest\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReducedImage\fR* \fBWorst\fR ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "BaseStarList \fBobjectsUsedToFit\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
A class that wraps calls to \fBKernelFit\fR. Used both to carry out subtractions (\fBImageSubtraction\fR) and just kernel fitting (for the light curve).
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.