.TH "sestar.h" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sestar.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <iostream>\fR
.br
\fC#include "basestar.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include "image.h"\fR
.br
\fC#include <list>\fR
.br
\fC#include "starlist.h"\fR
.br
.SS Compounds

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSEStar\fR"
.br
.RI "\fISExtractor star.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Defines

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDECALAGE_CAT_SE\fR  -1.0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDECALAGE_SE_IJ\fR  0."
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDECALAGE_IJ_SE\fR  0."
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDECALAGE_SE_XY\fR  (DECALAGE_SE_IJ + DECALAGE_IJ_XY )"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBDECALAGE_XY_SE\fR  (DECALAGE_XY_IJ + DECALAGE_IJ_SE )"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Typedefs

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBStarList\fR<\fBSEStar\fR> \fBSEStarList\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIdefinition of the list and iterators.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef SEStarList::const_iterator \fBSEStarCIterator\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIdefinition of the list and iterators.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef SEStarList::iterator \fBSEStarIterator\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIdefinition of the list and iterators.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBCountedRef\fR<\fBSEStar\fR> \fBSEStarRef\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIdefinition of the list and iterators.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Functions

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBDecFluxMax\fR (const \fBSEStar\fR *S1, const \fBSEStar\fR *S2)"
.br
.RI "\fIsort in decreasing peak value above background.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "BaseStarList* \fBSE2Base\fR (\fBSEStarList\fR *This)"
.br
.RI "\fItype casting.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "const BaseStarList* \fBSE2Base\fR (const \fBSEStarList\fR *This)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBFlagCosmicFromImage\fR (\fBSEStarList\fR &stl, \fBImage\fR const &image, const double dist)"
.br
.RI "\fIFlag objects near pixels > 0 OK for images with very few pixels > 0.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBFlagSaturatedStars\fR (\fBSEStarList\fR &stl, const double saturation)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBFlagSatFromImage\fR (\fBSEStarList\fR &stl, \fBImage\fR const &image)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBKeepIt\fR (double saturation,\fBSEStarList\fR const &stli, \fBSEStarList\fR &temp)"
.br
.RI "\fISelect stars with the IsOK(saturation) routine.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetStarsBackground\fR (\fBSEStarList\fR &stl, double const background)"
.br
.RI "\fIDo as indicated in name ........\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBStarFinder\fR (\fBSEStarList\fR &stlse, \fBSEStarList\fR &PrettyStars, double saturation=1.e+30)"
.br
.RI "\fISelect Stars in SEStarList.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.