.TH "SimultaneousFit" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
SimultaneousFit \- Simultaneous fitting of Vignets. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <simultaneousfit.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits ImageList.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSimultaneousFit\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~SimultaneousFit\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBFillMatAndVec\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIfill the entire matrix and vectors.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBSolve\fR (const double &lambda=0, const bool invert=false)"
.br
.RI "\fIsolve the linear equation system.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIterateAndSolve\fR (const int MaxIterations, const double Epsilon=0.01)"
.br
.RI "\fIiterate on solution and solve the system.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBAssignStar\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIassign the VignetFit star.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBComputeChi2\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIcompute total chi2 and residuals of the fit.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBApplyCorrections\fR (const double Factor=1)"
.br
.RI "\fIapply corrections of the last solution with a scale factor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMakeResidsAndWeights\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIupdate all vignets from last model fitted and resid.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMakePsfs\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIredo all vignets integrated and convolved psfs and derivatives at the last fitted position.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDoTheFit\fR (const double &MaxScale=1)"
.br
.RI "\fIfill, fit and shit.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetWhatToFit\fR (const int ToFit=FitFlux|FitGal)"
.br
.RI "\fIset what you want to fit.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBFindMinimumScale\fR (const double &WorstSeeing)"
.br
.RI "\fIget the minimum scaling factor to resize the vignets.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMakeInitialModel\fR ()"
.br
.RI "\fIbuild a rough initial galaxy to start the iterative fit.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBResize\fR (const double &ScaleFactor)"
.br
.RI "\fIresize all the vignets of a scale factor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBGetGalaxyFlux\fR (double &VarGalFlux) const"
.br
.RI "\fIcompute galaxy flux consistently with the rest.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBGetZeroFlux\fR (double &VarZeroFlux) const"
.br
.RI "\fIcompute zero flux as weighted average of zero nights.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwrite\fR (const string &MiddleName) const"
.br
.RI "\fIwrite.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBChi2\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns total chi2 of the fit.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGetChi2\fR (double &newchi2, const double &oldchi2, double &lambda)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDof\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns number of degrees of freedom.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBScale\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the current scale factor for vignets.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "MinimMethod \fBMinim\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "VignetFit* \fBVignetRef\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIpointer to the best seeing vignet.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVignet\fR* \fBgalaxy\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIpointer to the reconstructed galaxy centered double image.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Simultaneous fitting of Vignets.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.