.TH "StarMatch" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
StarMatch \- a pair of stars, usually belonging to different images. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <starmatch.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStarMatch\fR (const \fBPoint\fR &p1, const \fBPoint\fR &p2, const \fBBaseStar\fR *S1, const \fBBaseStar\fR *S2)"
.br
.RI "\fIconstructor.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBDistance\fR (const \fBGtransfo\fR &T) const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the distance from T(p1) to p2.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetDistance\fR (const \fBGtransfo\fR &T)"
.br
.RI "\fIto be used before sorting on distances.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBDistance\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the value computed by the above one.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSwap\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStarMatch\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~StarMatch\fR ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPoint\fR \fBpoint1\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPoint\fR \fBpoint2\fR"
.br
.RI "\fI2 points.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "BaseStarRef \fBs1\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "BaseStarRef \fBs2\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIthe Star pointers (the pointer is in fact generic, pointed data is never used).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBdistance\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Friends

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBStarMatchList\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBDecFlux\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBIncreasingDistances\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBDecreasingDistances\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBoperator<<\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCompareS1\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSameS1\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCompareS2\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBSameS2\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
a pair of stars, usually belonging to different images.
.PP
One would normally assume that they are the same object of the sky. The object contains basically two 2d points (called later p1 and p2), and two pointers (unused by the class and its satellites), that enable in the end to trace back the stars in the caller data structures. 
.PP
.SH CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS StarMatch::StarMatch (const \fBPoint\fR & p1, const \fBPoint\fR & p2, const \fBBaseStar\fR * S1, const \fBBaseStar\fR * S2)\fC [inline]\fR
.PP
constructor.
.PP
gives 2 points (that contain the geometry), plus pointers to the Star objects (which are there for user convenience). 

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.