.TH "TanRaDec2Pix" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
TanRaDec2Pix \- This one is the Tangent Plane (called gnomonic) projection (from celestial sphere to tangent plane). 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <gtransfo.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBGtransfo\fR.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTanRaDec2Pix\fR (const \fBGtransfoLin\fR &Tan2Pix, const \fBPoint\fR &TangentPoint)"
.br
.RI "\fIassume degrees everywhere.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTanRaDec2Pix\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGtransfoLin\fR \fBLinPart\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe Linear part (corresponding to CD's and CRPIX's).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPoint\fR \fBTangentPoint\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fItangent point coordinates (in degrees).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBapply\fR (const double Xin, const double Yin, double &Yout, double &Yout) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTanPix2RaDec\fR \fBinvert\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIexact typed inverse:.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGtransfo\fR* \fBRoughInverse\fR (const \fBFrame\fR &Region) const"
.br
.RI "\fIOverload the "generic routine" (available for all \fBGtransfo\fR types.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGtransfo\fR* \fBInverseTransfo\fR (const double Precision, const \fBFrame\fR &Region) const"
.br
.RI "\fIInverse transfo: returns a \fBTanPix2RaDec\fR.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdump\fR (ostream &stream) const"
.br
.RI "\fIdumps the transfo coefficients to stream.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGtransfo\fR* \fBClone\fR () const"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns a copy (allocated by new) of the transformation.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBfit\fR (const StarMatchList &List, const \fBGtransfo\fR *PriorTransfo=NULL, const \fBGtransfo\fR *PosteriorTransfo=NULL)"
.br
.RI "\fIfits a transfo to a list of star pairs (p1,p2).\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
This one is the Tangent Plane (called gnomonic) projection (from celestial sphere to tangent plane).
.PP
this transfo does not implement corrections, since  they are defined the other way around (from pixels to sky),  and not invertible analytically. The inversion of tangent point WCS (\fBTanPix2RaDec\fR) is obtained via \fBInverseTransfo\fR(). 
.PP
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS double TanRaDec2Pix::fit (const StarMatchList & List, const \fBGtransfo\fR * PriorTransfo = NULL, const \fBGtransfo\fR * PosteriorTransfo = NULL)\fC [virtual]\fR
.PP
fits a transfo to a list of star pairs (p1,p2).
.PP
After the fit this(PriorTransfo(p1)) yields approximately PosteriorTransfo(p2). The returned value is the chi2. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGtransfo\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.