.TH "Vignet" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Vignet \- Similar to \fBKernel\fR, but resizeable and contains some kind of \fBPoint\fR. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <vignet.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits \fBKernel\fR, and RefCount.
.PP
Inherited by VignetFit.
.PP
.SS Public Methods

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVignet\fR (const double &X, const double &Y, const \fBImage\fR &Source, const int HMaxX, const int HMaxY)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVignet\fR (const double &X, const double &Y, const int HMaxX, const int HMaxY)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVignet\fR (const string &FileName)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVignet\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Vignet\fR ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBResize\fR (const int HSizeX, const int HSizeY)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBResize\fR (const double &ScaleFactor)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDetect\fR (const double &PosThresh, const double &NegThresh)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBAperture\fR (double &VarAper, const double &Radius, const double &VarPix, const double &Sky) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBWeightedAperture\fR (double &VarAper, const \fBKernel\fR &Model, const double &VarPix, const double &Sky) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBWeightedRecentroid\fR (double &Flux, const double &Sky, const double &SigX, const double &Sigy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBHx\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBHy\fR () const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreadFits\fR (const string &FileName)"
.br
.RI "\fIwrite and read the \fBDImage\fR as a FITS array.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwriteFits\fR (const string &FileName) const"
.br
.in -1c
.SS Public Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBic\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIcoordinates of the center pixel where the Vignet was grabbed from.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjc\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIcoordinates of the center pixel where the Vignet was grabbed from.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBdxc\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIreal coordinates of the star centroid relative to the down-left corner of center pixel (ic,jc).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBdyc\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIreal coordinates of the star centroid relative to the down-left corner of center pixel (ic,jc).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBistart\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIimage coordinates of the down-left corner pixel where the Vignet was grabbed.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjstart\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIimage coordinates of the down-left corner pixel where the Vignet was grabbed.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBiend\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIimage coordinates of the upper-right corner pixel where the Vignet was grabbed.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjend\fR"
.br
.RI "\fIimage coordinates of the upper-right corner pixel where the Vignet was grabbed.\fR"
.in -1c
.SS Protected Attributes

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhx\fR"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhy\fR"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Similar to \fBKernel\fR, but resizeable and contains some kind of \fBPoint\fR.
.PP


.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.