.TH "vutils.h" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
vutils.h \- utilities around vector and matrix algebra. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS Functions

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDiagonalizeRealSymmetricMatrix\fR (int n, double *matrix, double *eigenvectors, double *eigenvalues)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBDArrayMedian\fR (double *array, const int size)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturn the median of the array. The array is mixed up.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBDConstArrayMedian\fR (const double *array, const int size)"
.br
.RI "\fIsame as above but does not mix up the array. (calls previous one on a copy of its input ... ).\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBFArrayMedian\fR (float *array, const int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBMatSolve\fR (double *A, const int N, double *B)"
.br
.RI "\fIinverts and solve using various CERNLIB routines.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBSymMatInv\fR (double *A, const int N)"
.br
.RI "\fIinverts a symetric posdef matrix using DSINV CERNLIB's routine.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBScalProd\fR (const double A[], const double B[], const int N)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMatVec\fR (const double *M, const int N1, const int N2, const double *V, double *R)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBVecMatVec\fR (const double *V1, const double *M, const int N1, const int N2, const double *V2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDmean_median_sigma\fR (double *values, const int nval, double &mean, double &median, double &sigma)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns mean, median and rms of an array.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBFmean_median_sigma\fR (float *values, const int nval, float &mean, float &median, float &sigma)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns mean, median and rms of an array.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBFmedian_sigma\fR (float *values, const int nval, float &sigma)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns median and rms of an array.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDConst_mean_median_sigma\fR (const double *array, const int size, double &mean, double &median, double &sigma)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBclipmean\fR (double *values, int &nval, double &sigma, const double &k=3.5, const int niter=4)"
.br
.RI "\fIcomputes the clipped-mean and sigma with cutting at k-sigma.\fR"
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
utilities around vector and matrix algebra.
.PP
.PP
.SH FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS double DArrayMedian (double * array, const int size)
.PP
return the median of the array. The array is mixed up.
.PP
Use next function if you want to keep your array untouched 
.SS int DiagonalizeRealSymmetricMatrix (int n, double * matrix, double * eigenvectors, double * eigenvalues)
.PP
Diagonalize Real Symmetric Matrix matrix(n*n)  memory for eigenvectors of size n*n must be allocated by the user memory for eigenvalues of size n must be allocated by the user 
.PP
\fBReturns: \fR
.in +1c
0 if ok 
.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.