.TH "wcsutils.h" 3 "8 Feb 2004" "toads" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
wcsutils.h \- World Coordinate Transfo read and write. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <string>\fR
.br
.SS Functions

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBWCSFromHeader\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head, \fBGtransfo\fR *&Pix2RaDec)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns a transformation that combines availbale information in the header.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBWCSFromHeader\fR (const string &FitsName, \fBGtransfo\fR *&Pix2RaDec)"
.br
.RI "\fIsame as above.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWCSTransfo2Header\fR (const string &FitsImageName, const \fBGtransfoLin\fR &Pix2RaDec)"
.br
.RI "\fIFills the fits file header with provided WCS transfo.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWCSTransfo2Header\fR (\fBFitsHeader\fR &header, const \fBGtransfoLin\fR &Pix2RaDec)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBWCSLinTransfoFromHeader\fR (const string &FitsImageName, \fBGtransfoLin\fR &Pix2RaDec)"
.br
.RI "\fIretrieves the (lin) WCS transfo from a header.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBWCSLinTransfoFromHeader\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header, \fBGtransfoLin\fR &Pix2RaDec)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBTanLinWCSFromHeader\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head, \fBTanPix2RaDec\fR &TanWcs, const bool Warn=false)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturn the tangent point WCS transfo.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBTanWCSFromHeader\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head, \fBTanPix2RaDec\fR &TanWcs, const bool Warn=false)"
.br
.RI "\fIread it.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBTanWCS2Header\fR (const string &FitsImageName, const \fBTanPix2RaDec\fR &TanWcs)"
.br
.RI "\fIwrite it.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBTanWCS2Header\fR (\fBFitsHeader\fR &Head, const \fBTanPix2RaDec\fR &TanWcs)"
.br
.RI "\fIwrite it.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBWCSTransfoBetweenHeader\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header1, const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header1, \fBGtransfoLin\fR &Transfo1to2)"
.br
.RI "\fIretrieves the (lin) transfo from header1 to header2, using WCS.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBHasLinWCS\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header)"
.br
.RI "\fIcheck the presence of World Coordinate System data.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRemoveWCS\fR (\fBFitsHeader\fR &Header)"
.br
.RI "\fIremove entirely a WCS transfo from a header.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBCopyWCS\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &FromHeader, \fBFitsHeader\fR &ToHeader)"
.br
.RI "\fIcopy entirely a WCS transfo from a header to another header.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGetPixelSize\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head, double &SizeX, double &SizeY)"
.br
.RI "\fIfetch pixel sizes in arcsecond from a header using WCS info.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRaDecFromWCS\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header, double &Ra, double &Dec)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Ra and DEC from WCS on center of image.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBPixelSize\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head)"
.br
.RI "\fIso far returns average pixel size in arcsecond.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBArcmin2Area\fR (const \fBFrame\fR &aFrame, const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the area in arcmin^2 of a frame in a \fBFitsHeader\fR using WCS info.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBArcmin2Area\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the area in arcmin^2 of the default \fBFrame\fR in a header using WCS info.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBArcmin2Overlap\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head1, const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Head2)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns roughly the overlap area between two \fBFitsHeader\fR in arcmin^2 using WCS info.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWCS3Transfo2Header\fR (\fBFitsHeader\fR &header, const \fBGtransfoCub\fR &CubicCorr)"
.br
.RI "\fIcubic refinement:.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWCS3Transfo2Header\fR (const string &FitsImageName, const \fBGtransfoCub\fR &CubicCorr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBWCS3TransfoFromHeader\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header, \fBGtransfoCub\fR &CubicCorr, const bool Warn=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBWCS3TransfoFromHeader\fR (const string &FitsImageName, \fBGtransfoCub\fR &CubicCorr, const bool Warn=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBUpdateRaDec\fR (\fBFitsHeader\fR &Header)"
.br
.RI "\fIupdate RA, DEC and EPOCH based on WCS transfo and \fBFrame\fR in header.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBWCSTransfoFromHeader\fR (const string &FitsImageName, \fBGtransfoLin\fR &Pix2RaDec)"
.br
.RI "\fINRL 04/2004 : adding this, so that standardstar compiles retrieves the (lin) WCS transfo from a header.\fR"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBWCSTransfoFromHeader\fR (const \fBFitsHeader\fR &Header, \fBGtransfoLin\fR &Pix2RaDec)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
World Coordinate Transfo read and write.
.PP
 Only supports linear (RA--TAN) WCS now (until somebody understands any WCS documentation).
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for toads from the source code.